# MatchMe.nft

Aren’t we all sick and tired of the same old dating apps model, even if it’s to find friends? Most of the time the decision to decline a person is based on looks. In addition to that many women get scammed, send unrequired phallus pictures and the result is that they do not feel safe anymore or loose trust in finding the fitting person be it for friendship or love. Hello Tinder Swindler!
Our concept is to work with proof of interest (POI) based on an App that is Zero knowledge proof. The idea is to match people based on their interests. How does it work you may ask? In the 1. Step You connect your ETH wallet to our platform and decide which NFT you would like to represent yourself for example causes that are close to their heart or a precious NFT of a famous collection. It is your choice which NFTs you would like to reveal. Doing that will enable our platform to show you potential matches, which you can then choose from and be matched. The user is shown a percentage of compatibility with another user and can choose whic user they would like to be matched with. When the user is matched the have the option to chat with the other person and through prompted questions ( if needed) finds out with interests connects them to each other. Who guesses the right ones first will earn tokens —> Network to earn ( NTE)
The user can also decide if they would like to share the won token with their match, which could be the start of a wonderful connection.
It will also help transfer Web 2.0 users data to Web 3.0. Because when one is new to web 3.0, discord is quite a lot to take in and hard to figure out at first. It is even harder to connect to people because the user has no Idea how to approach the right person.
Privacy is important to us and we want our users to feel that way! Which is why we decided to not reveal the address of the wallet. Revealing the wallet or NFT will gain the user tokens/coins as well. Our target audience are women for them to have the safe option of staying anonymous while getting to know someone new.
Our mission is to bring more women into the Web 3.0 space and for them to be able to make meaningful connections based on interest and not on looks.Focusing on onboarding women will automatically bring men to the platform as well.

We believe that our platform provides a safe environment for our users because they do not have to share their data but are still able to make a connection with people through communication based on similarities and interests.
